# Page object for Inventor data migration
type_INVVersionedPresentation.changeTo = type_INVPresentation
type_INVVersionedDrawing.changeTo = type_INVDrawing
type_INVVersionedAssembly.changeTo = type_INVAssembly
type_INVVersionedComponent.changeTo = type_INVComponent
type_INVVersionedPartFactory.changeTo = type_INVPartFactory
type_INVVersionedAssemblyFactory.changeTo = type_INVAssemblyFactory
type_INVVersionediPart.changeTo = type_INViPart
type_INVVersionediAssembly.changeTo = type_INViAssembly
type_INVPresentationForTeam.changeTo = type_INVPresentation
type_INVVersionedPresentationForTeam.changeTo = type_INVPresentation
type_INVDrawingForTeam.changeTo = type_INVDrawing
type_INVVersionedDrawingForTeam.changeTo = type_INVDrawing
type_INVAssemblyForTeam.changeTo = type_INVAssembly
type_INVComponentForTeam.changeTo = type_INVComponent
type_INVVersionedAssemblyForTeam.changeTo = type_INVAssembly
type_INVVersionedComponentForTeam.changeTo = type_INVComponent
type_INViPartForTeam.changeTo = type_INViPart
type_INViAssemblyForTeam.changeTo = type_INViAssembly
type_INVPartFactoryForTeam.changeTo = type_INVPartFactory
type_INVAssemblyFactoryForTeam.changeTo = type_INVAssemblyFactory
type_INVVersionedPartFactoryForTeam.changeTo = type_INVPartFactory
type_INVVersionedAssemblyFactoryForTeam.changeTo = type_INVAssemblyFactory
type_INVVersionediPartForTeam.changeTo = type_INViPart
type_INVVersionediAssemblyForTeam.changeTo = type_INViAssembly
type_INVAttachmentForTeam.changeTo = type_INVAttachment
type_INVVersionedPresentation.resolvedTo = type_INVPresentation
type_INVVersionedDrawing.resolvedTo = type_INVDrawing
type_INVVersionedAssembly.resolvedTo = type_INVAssembly
type_INVVersionedComponent.resolvedTo = type_INVComponent
type_INVVersionedPartFactory.resolvedTo = type_INVPartFactory
type_INVVersionedAssemblyFactory.resolvedTo = type_INVAssemblyFactory
type_INVVersionediPart.resolvedTo = type_INViPart
type_INVVersionediAssembly.resolvedTo = type_INViAssembly
type_INVPresentationForTeam.resolvedTo = type_INVPresentation
type_INVVersionedPresentationForTeam.resolvedTo = type_INVPresentation
type_INVDrawingForTeam.resolvedTo = type_INVDrawing
type_INVVersionedDrawingForTeam.resolvedTo = type_INVDrawing
type_INVAssemblyForTeam.resolvedTo = type_INVAssembly
type_INVComponentForTeam.resolvedTo = type_INVComponent
type_INVVersionedAssemblyForTeam.resolvedTo = type_INVAssembly
type_INVVersionedComponentForTeam.resolvedTo = type_INVComponent
type_INViPartForTeam.resolvedTo = type_INViPart
type_INViAssemblyForTeam.resolvedTo = type_INViAssembly
type_INVPartFactoryForTeam.resolvedTo = type_INVPartFactory
type_INVAssemblyFactoryForTeam.resolvedTo = type_INVAssemblyFactory
type_INVVersionedPartFactoryForTeam.resolvedTo = type_INVPartFactory
type_INVVersionedAssemblyFactoryForTeam.resolvedTo = type_INVAssemblyFactory
type_INVVersionediPartForTeam.resolvedTo = type_INViPart
type_INVVersionediAssemblyForTeam.resolvedTo = type_INViAssembly
type_INVAttachmentForTeam.resolvedTo = type_INVAttachment

